build/build-readme.md, before:

# Bullet Custom Code Build

This build script combines your selected JS and CSS files into two outputs you can paste into Bullet's custom code areas. Optionally, it transpiles (for older browsers) and minifies for production.

## What it does

- Reads `build.config.json`
- Concatenates sources in order (keeps per-file comments)
- Optionally transpiles/minifies via Node tools if available:
  - JS: `esbuild`
  - CSS: `lightningcss` (Autoprefix + modern minifier)
- Writes to `dist/bullet-custom.js` and `dist/bullet-custom.css`

## Prerequisites

- Windows PowerShell 7+ (pwsh)
- Node.js with `npx` (optional; only needed for transpile/minify)

## Configure

Edit `build.config.json` to list your sources and options. Paths are relative to the repo root (`baseDir: ".."`).

## Usage

From the repo root or `Project` directory:

```pwsh
# Run a development build (combine only)
pwsh ./build/build.ps1 -Dev

# Run with transpile + minify using config flags
pwsh ./build/build.ps1

# Force transpile and minify regardless of config
pwsh ./build/build.ps1 -Transpile -Minify

# Skip Node tools even if installed (concat only)
pwsh ./build/build.ps1 -NoNode
```

Outputs will be in `dist/`.

## Notes

- If Node tools are missing or fail, the script falls back to plain concatenation.
- Adjust `js.target` and `css.browserslist` in config to fine-tune compatibility.
- You can copy the resulting code directly into Bullet's custom JS/CSS areas.

Commit message:

build: more granular settings (separate transpile/minify flags for JS and CSS) + wrap output JS in <script> tags for easier copy-paste

build/build-readme.md, after:

# Bullet Custom Code Build

This build script combines your selected JS and CSS into an HTML file for Bullet's Body area and a CSS file for Bullet's CSS area. The Body HTML wraps JS in a `<script>` tag. Optionally, it transpiles (for older browsers) and minifies for production. You can control JS and CSS independently via selector-based flags.

## What it does

- Reads `build.config.json`
- Concatenates sources in order (keeps per-file comments)
- Optionally transpiles/minifies via Node tools if available:
  - JS: `esbuild`
  - CSS: `lightningcss` (Autoprefix + modern minifier)
- Writes to `dist/bullet-custom-body.html` (Body HTML with `<script>`) and `dist/bullet-custom.css`

## Prerequisites

- Windows PowerShell 7+ (pwsh)
- Node.js with `npx` (optional; only needed for transpile/minify)

## Configure

Edit `build.config.json` to list your sources and options. Paths are relative to the repo root (`baseDir: ".."`).

## Usage

From the repo root or `Project` directory:

```pwsh
# Run a development build (combine only; no transpile/minify)
pwsh ./build/build.ps1 -Dev

# Use config flags from build.config.json (no CLI overrides)
pwsh ./build/build.ps1

# Force transpile/minify for a specific pipeline(s) via selectors:
pwsh ./build/build.ps1 -Transpile js
pwsh ./build/build.ps1 -Minify css
pwsh ./build/build.ps1 -Transpile js,css -Minify js,css

# Skip Node tools even if installed (concat only)
pwsh ./build/build.ps1 -NoNode
```

Outputs will be in `dist/`.

## Notes

- If Node tools are missing or fail, the script falls back to plain concatenation.
- Selector flags override config: when `-Transpile`/`-Minify` are provided, only the selected pipelines run those steps; otherwise the script uses values from `build.config.json`.
- `-Dev` disables transpile and minify for both pipelines regardless of config or selectors.
- Adjust `js.target` and `css.browserslist` in config to fine-tune compatibility.
- The JS output is wrapped in `<script type="text/javascript" defer>...</script>` for direct pasting into Bullet's Body area. The CSS output is plain CSS for the CSS area.
